Privacy Policy  
==============

Last updated: January 12, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection,
use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You
about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the
Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with
this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the
[Privacy Policy Template](https://www.privacypolicies.com/blog/privacy-policy-
template/).



Interpretation and Definitions  
==============================

Interpretation  
--------------

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same
meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.


Collecting and Using Your Personal Data  
=======================================

Types of Data Collected  
-----------------------

Personal Data  
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.
Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Email address

  * First name and last name

  * Usage Data


Usage Data  
~~~~~~~~~~

Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol
address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our
Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on
those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect
certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of
mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your
mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet
browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our
Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.



